(intro music) If you are mine, these
winds of yours are yours. If you are mine,
all ways are yours.
If you are mine, I am yours. If you are
mine, these lights of yours are yours.
If you are mine, hearts
surrender to you. If you are
mine, I am yours. You are the revolution
of love for the restless one.
My world is a dream in your arms. It has
become deeper.
The color of love has become deeper. It
has become deeper.
Your memory has become deeper. Yours has
become so.
If you are mine, this wind of yours is
yours. If you are mine,
all ways are yours. If you are mine, I am
yours. The sky twinks with eyelashes.
You are the life of millions of angels.
They ask where do you stay?
Tell them to stay in my arms. The sky
twinks with eyelashes.
Where has he seen you too? There is glow
where you are.
To stay in my arms, this is the only
prayer. If you are mine,
this wind of yours is yours. If you are
mine, all ways are yours.
If you are mine, I am yours. You are the
revolution of love for the restless one.
My world is a dream in your arms. It has
become deeper.
The color of love has become deeper. You
are the
only
one who has
become
you.
If
you
are
mine,
then
your
God
is
yours.
If
you
are
mine,
your
companion is yours. If you are mine, I am
yours.